Bruno Dumont: Hi Ava last time I had a lot of fun playing avalon. If you want to join tonight could you bring it again? Fell free to call other people to come as well.


Ava Lazar: Ooh I'm so glad you had fun! I can't make it tonight since I'm going to the Viennese Ball but if you want to come by and pick up Avalon you can definitely borrow it
I wish I could come though :(
Bruno Dumont: No problem there is always a next time
You’re always free to come


Ava Lazar: Hey Bruno! I'm hosting a game night on Thursday at 7pm and you and Fiona are most welcome! I'll be making fresh cookies and it should be a cozy night :)
Bruno Dumont: Sounds super fun I’ll ask Fiona if she is free but you can count me in


Ava Lazar: Yay! I'm glad you can make it. It's at Burbank Lecture Theater
Bruno Dumont: Hi ava ‎<This message was edited>
We are late
But we are coming
Be there in 2 minutes


Ava Lazar: Oh no worries! See you soon
Bruno Dumont: Here
‎image omitted


Ava Lazar: Great! I'll be right there
I'll be there tonight! Do you want me to bring any games?
Bruno Dumont: If you want to sure
We’ll decide what to play on the spot
So if you have anything you are interested bring it


Ava Lazar: Ok sounds good! I'll be there in 10 minutes or so!
Hey Bruno! I'm having another game night on Friday at 7 and I'd love if you and Fiona could come!!
Bruno Dumont: Sounds good. We’ll both be there thanks for the invite


Ava Lazar: Yay! Looking forward to it!
Looking forward to seeing you tonight at the party! We're meeting at the picnic tables on Arguello field this time - it's so nice outside!
Bruno Dumont: Alright
Hope to see you there
I’m here


Ava Lazar: Oh wait it's at 7
Bruno Dumont: Oh sorry about that lol
I’ll just chill here for a bit then


Ava Lazar: No worries!
Haha sounds good, see you in 45 minutes or so!
We're at a table near the beach volleyball court
‎image omitted
‎image omitted
‎image omitted
‎image omitted
Bruno Dumont: Hey Ava are you up for game night at Sally Ride Saturday at 7 pm?


Ava Lazar: Yes, I'm so in!
Bruno Dumont: Perfect
If you want to bring any games
What we’ll play is still tbd


Ava Lazar: Ok sounds good! I'll bring some
I'll be a little bit late but see you soon!
Hey Bruno! I'm having a werewolf party on Sunday October 13th at 7pm and I'd love it if you and Fiona could make it. This one's a very casual costume party where I'm inviting people to dress up like werewolf characters, so I'm sending a photo of some of the cards. Feel free to dress up or not at all!
‎image omitted
Bruno Dumont: Hey Ava thanks for inviting us. I think we can both make it we will try to dress up but not a guarantee.
What are you dressing up as?


Ava Lazar: Sounds good! No pressure, honestly you can just be a villager by wearing your normal clothes.
I'm thinking of going for werewolf or cupid myself, but I'm not sure... I feel like there has to be at least one werewolf
Bruno Dumont: We’ll try to aim for the lovers


Ava Lazar: Ooh that's fantastic, I love it
Bruno Dumont: But let’s see how it goes


Ava Lazar: Yay! I'm so glad you can make it!
Looking forward to seeing you guys tonight! We'll be meeting at the seminar room in Ng, which is directly to the right of the Ng front entrance
Bruno Dumont: Perfect
Looking forward to it too
Hey
I’m here
‎Voice call, ‎15 sec
Hi Ava can you send me the pictures from last night?
