
John Vaccaro Stanford Math 61: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdjnksvORMIKl95UvhkR3gMSuHeLUx7zQUSGGXJnXnZZl_piQ/viewform
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XBZ_x_zT1pHlTKC4GIWmd5ESTicfJfa3A7zQhqBB4j0/edit?usp=sharing
Bruno Dumont: Hey John
How’s break going?


John Vaccaro Stanford Math 61: It has been going well. My family and I are celebrating Christmas tonight at my house, which should be nice. How are you? I hope you are feeling better!
Bruno Dumont: I’m fine thanks for asking
I got better on that day just took some stuff and felt better
We should totally do that again but this time I promise I won’t die lol


John Vaccaro Stanford Math 61: Merry Christmas!
Bruno Dumont: Merry Christmas man


John Vaccaro Stanford Math 61: We should definitely go back to the shopping center again. I felt so bad about leaving you dying, but I'm glad you're okay.
Bruno Dumont: Don’t worry man


John Vaccaro Stanford Math 61: Are you doing anything for the holidays?
Bruno Dumont: I was bad at the moment but got better quickly
Just family


John Vaccaro Stanford Math 61: Nice! Me too. It has been relaxing to be free from schoolwork, but I look forward to heading back and seeing friends again!
Feliz Ano Novo!!
Bruno Dumont: Feliz ano novo
‎Location: https://maps.google.com/?q=37.425507,-122.181503


John Vaccaro Stanford Math 61: Oi Bruno! Como é você? Já encontrou um projeito ou um trabalho?
Bruno Dumont: Hey John how are you?
I didn't find anything yet
still working on it
how are things going for you?
Oi Bruno! Como voce esta?
when you want to ask how I am doing you need to use the temporary form of the verb to be which is estar and you use it after the pronoun


John Vaccaro Stanford Math 61: Not bad. I'm learning a ton about the Mexican Revolution, and my job has been extremely chill (they've been paying me to sit around and read a book).
Ah... as you can see, my Portuguese is a little rough. Will have to work on that before you return.
Bruno Dumont: Fala John beleza?
Como cê ta?
We haven’t talked in such a long time
How are things going
?


John Vaccaro Stanford Math 61: Muito bom! I've been going to Berkeley almost every day this week to view some of their archives and am having fun with that! I've also been doing a lot of biking and trying to learn French.
How about you?
Bruno Dumont: Doing good too
Got a job last minute so now I’m working on that
Now busy choosing classes
Any plans for the fall?
